README.md, before:

# Batcar 
[Youtube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6WbgwYkgD8&t=2s)

Project automated car FPGA [Computer Architecture - Politecnico di Torino - A.Y. 2016-2017]

Board: Nexys 4 Artix 7 by Digilent.

Contacts: 
Alberto: alberto.macario@hotmail.it
Chiara: chiara.relandini@gmail.com


```
Macro Statistics
# RAMs                                                 : 4
 64x64-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM       : 1
 8x3-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
 8x5-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
 8x8-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
# Adders/Subtractors                                   : 2
 16-bit adder                                          : 1
 6-bit adder                                           : 1
# Counters                                             : 9
 16-bit up counter                                     : 1
 20-bit up counter                                     : 1
 28-bit up counter                                     : 1
 3-bit up counter                                      : 2
 32-bit up counter                                     : 1
 6-bit up counter                                      : 3
# Registers                                            : 57
 Flip-Flops                                            : 57
# Comparators                                          : 11
 16-bit comparator greater                             : 8
 16-bit comparator lessequal                           : 1
 32-bit comparator greater                             : 1
 5-bit comparator equal                                : 1
# Multiplexers                                         : 28
 1-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 11
 16-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                             : 8
 3-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 6
 5-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
 6-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
 8-bit 8-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
# FSMs                                                 : 1

```

Commit message:

Add youtube video to README (#1)
* Update README.md with video

---------

Co-authored-by: relandic <relandic@amazon.it>

README.md, after:

# Batcar 

Watch the video

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/u6WbgwYkgD8/hqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6WbgwYkgD8&t=2s)


Automated car on FPGA [Computer Architecture - Politecnico di Torino - A.Y. 2016-2017]

Board: Nexys 4 Artix 7 by Digilent.

Contacts: 
Alberto: alberto.macario@hotmail.it
Chiara: chiara.relandini@gmail.com


```
Macro Statistics
# RAMs                                                 : 4
 64x64-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM       : 1
 8x3-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
 8x5-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
 8x8-bit single-port distributed Read Only RAM         : 1
# Adders/Subtractors                                   : 2
 16-bit adder                                          : 1
 6-bit adder                                           : 1
# Counters                                             : 9
 16-bit up counter                                     : 1
 20-bit up counter                                     : 1
 28-bit up counter                                     : 1
 3-bit up counter                                      : 2
 32-bit up counter                                     : 1
 6-bit up counter                                      : 3
# Registers                                            : 57
 Flip-Flops                                            : 57
# Comparators                                          : 11
 16-bit comparator greater                             : 8
 16-bit comparator lessequal                           : 1
 32-bit comparator greater                             : 1
 5-bit comparator equal                                : 1
# Multiplexers                                         : 28
 1-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 11
 16-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                             : 8
 3-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 6
 5-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
 6-bit 2-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
 8-bit 8-to-1 multiplexer                              : 1
# FSMs                                                 : 1

```
